The last little bit of refactoring we have to do is to extract some more each HTML generation into some
different files we're going to place inside of a new views directory.
So the idea here is that we're going to have a bunch of different files inside of a new directory each
file is going to be responsible for returning one little snippet of each team out.
So for example I'm looking at my sign up request handler right here.
At present we are returning just a little bit of HCM CML to show these sign up form.
So we're going to extract all this HCM El and put it into its own single file.
I want to tell you a little bit more about the structure of all these different files we're going to
create.
All right.
So in the world of Express there are actually many different ways to generate HCM El.
These are a couple of very popular templating libraries.
So essentially libraries that help you put together HMO or less.
I would love to show you how to use some of these different libraries but to be honest with you each
of them really requires you to learn almost a new programming language because they all have their little
special form of syntax to help you put together some HCM l I found in the past that when you're first
learning about Express in web development in general and JavaScript introducing a h templating library
with its own particular form of syntax starts to get really confusing really quickly.
So rather than introducing any of these different templating libraries we're going to instead take a
very simple and straightforward solution.
We're going to have all of our different template files export a function that returns a string and
inside of that string is gonna be all of our each team.
So really all we are going to do is essentially but all this stuff like we said into a separate file
inside of a function.
And if we ever need to customize this HDL like we are doing right here essentially we're gonna pass
the appropriate arguments into that function that returns that string.
Now as usual when I say that with words it starts to sound a little bit confusing.
So let's just start to refactor some this e-mail into some separate files and I think you'll get an
idea of what we're doing here really quickly okay.
So to get started inside of my root project directory I'm gonna make a new folder called views then
inside there I'm going to make a folder called admin.
So this is going to contain all of our administration related views inside there.
I'm going to make another new folder called off says he guessed this is going ahead handle all the different
H.M. files or you mean essential generation that we have around authentication.
So then finally inside the author directory we will create a sign in that J.S. file in a sign up dot
J.S. file.
So again in both these new files we're going to create a function and export it.
And that function is going to essentially just be returning some snippet of H2 email.
Let's first start off with the sign up file your sign up right here inside of sign up.
Yes I'll do a module that exports very function
then inside of here.
I'm going to return a template string
and the stuff that I want to return inside that template string is going to be the form that we had
just put together back inside of our sign up root handler it's going to take that entire day right they're
going to cut it a go back over to sign up J.S. and paste it in now right away.
You're going to see that our function really requires an argument for it to work correctly.
So we need to make sure that whenever we call this function we need to pass in the wreck object in order
for our template to render appropriately.
Otherwise we're going to get an error something and says Hey variable wreck is not found so to receive
all the different arguments that I eventually expect to have to pass into this template function.
I'm going to assume that I'm going to pass on an object that has all the different properties all the
different objects all the things I need to show this template.
So I'm going to d structure out the wreck object again I'm assuming that's going to pass in an object
that has a wrecked property that contains the wreck object from a root handler you might be curious
why I'm going to assume that we're going to pass in an object as opposed to just saying oh yeah we're
going to pass in the request.
The reason for that is that we're going to eventually have some templates that need many different arguments
in order to render themselves correctly or display themselves correctly.
So just to accommodate for that fact that we don't know how many arguments we're going to eventually
pass into any of these I'm like I said just going to assume that I'm going to pass in an object so I
can over time start to add in as many different arguments to each my different templating functions
as I want not having to constantly add on additional arguments like you know ARG one or two ARG three
and so on that starts to get really confusing it really quickly.
So again I'm just going to assume that I'm always going to combine all into one single object it's now
to actually make use of this.
We can go back to off J.S. at the very top.
We're going to import that templating function.
So I'll say sign up template is required.
And remember we have to provide a relative path to the file that we're trying to require in.
We are currently inside of routes admin off J.S. so we have to go up one directory to routes up another
directory to our root project folder interviews into admin into off and then get sign up J.S..
So we're going to do in total up up interviews into admin into off and then sign up
so then inside a resort send right here rather than calling out with an empty string.
We will instead call sign up template
and as an argument to sign up template I'm going to pass in an object that has the Rec object like so.
And as usual identical keen value so I can condense that down to just wreck.
So again if we ever need to communicate more information into our template function we're just going
to add them in or add in that additional information as additional Kiki value pairs inside this object.
But for right now we only need the Rec object in order for the sign up template to work correctly.
So just this right here is to work out just fine okay.
Let's say this really quickly we'll go back over and do a quick test going to visit locos 3000 slash
sign up and I should still see the same exact thing I saw before.
Okay.
So definite looks good.
Now I would love to take a pause right here but to be honest.
Well we're just going to do the same exact thing in the next video around refactoring the sign in form
which we have down here.
So let's just take care of that right away really quickly.
Since we already know exactly what we're doing I'm going to go to sign in J.S. so this is inside my
views directory.
I'll do a module dot exports this one does not require this template right here does not require the
Rec object to work correctly.
So in this case although we can pass in that Rec object if we want to.
I'm not going to say that we have to because well we don't actually need it.
So inside of my sign in root handler I'm going to take that div I'm going to cut it.
I'll go back over to sign in dot J.S. I'll return a template string inside there I'll paste that div
that should be it for the sign in J.S. view I'll then go back over to my off dot J.S. file at the top
I'm going to require that thing in I'll do sign in template but they're very similar at require statement
that looks good.
And then finally to make use of that template I'll go back down to where we call resource center inside
of our sign in a root handler and I'm going to update the rest send statement to sign in template okay.
So let's save this.
Go back over one more time I'm gonna go to slash sign in and everything still looks good okay.
That's a pretty straightforward refactor again.
We're just extracting all this h t into some separate files.
So at this point we kind of have parity with how our application was before we started to do this little
bit of refactor of kind of restructuring things.
So our project definitely has a little bit better structure but there's still some really big deficiencies
inside of our project that I'd like to correct before we continue adding on any additional features
like say the product stuff or product creation all that kind of good stuff.
Let's take a pause right here.
Come back the next video we're going to discuss a couple more changes that we're going to make inside
of our project just to make it all a bit more well fancy and production ready.